Feature/graal support (#256)
utopia-rise/godot-kotlin-jvm: docs/src/doc/user-guide/exporting.md

!!! warning
    Similar to the desktop targets, the game copies the needed jar files to the `user://` directory upon first execution or if the files have changed. On android this is the applications `files` folder. If you do IO operations on Android, never empty the whole `files` folder! Only delete what you have added or exclude the following two files when clearing the `files` folder: `godot-bootstrap-dex.jar` and `main-dex.jar`.

## GraalVM Native Image

!!! warning
    GraalVM native image is a advanced feature and requires a lot of work to support. Especially if you rely on many third party libraries.

> In order to build for graalvm, follow `GraalVM native-image` section in advanced user guide.

Reviewer: One tiny thing: I would link the corresponding page here: `GraalVM native image`

## GraalVM Native Image

> *GraalVM native image is a pretty advanced feature and definitely not as easy as it sounds.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning
    GraalVM native image is a advanced feature and requires a lot of work to support. Especially if you rely on many third party libraries.
```
